.\" GPOA - GPO Applier for Linux
.\"
.\" Copyright (C) 2019-2020 BaseALT Ltd.
.\"
.\" This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
.TH GPUPDATE 1
.
.SH NAME
gpupdate \- Update Group Policy settings
.
.SH SYNOPSYS
\fBgpupdate\fP [ -h ] [ --user \fIusername\fP ]
.
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B gpupdate
Fetches GPT files for designated user from AD instance and transforms
them into UNIX system settings.

.B gpupdate
operates on \fIcontrol framework\fR, \fIsystem-wide GSettings\fR,
\fIXDG .desktop files\fR, \fIChromium web browser policy file\fR,
\fIFirefox web browser policy file\fR, \fIsystemd services\fR,
\fIPolicyKit framework\fR trying to mimic behavior of other operating
systems connected to AD domain.

The utility needs no adjustments from local user.
.
.SS Options
.TP 
\fB-h\fP
Show help.
.TP
\fB--user \fIusername\fR
Run \fBgpupdate\fP for \fIusername\fP.
.
.SS "EXIT CODES"
.TP
\fB0\fR
Application exited successfully.
.TP
\fB1\fR
No runner is able to start \fBgpoa\fR.
.TP
\fB2\fR
No reply from \fID-Bus\fR when starting \fBgpoa\fR for computer using
\fBoddjobd\fR via \fID-Bus\fR.
.TP
\fB3\fR
No reply from \fID-Bus\fR when starting \fBgpoa\fR for user using
\fBoddjobd\fR via \fID-Bus\fR.
.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
gpoa(1) gpupdate-setup(1)
.SH BUGS
There is tons of bugs since it tries to mimic behavior of Windows
machines.

